README.md, before:

# NextTs App beta v13 + Prisma and Railway DB + postgreSQL.

[![My Skills](https://skills.thijs.gg/icons?i=nextjs,ts,tailwind,postgres,prisma,postman)](https://skills.thijs.gg)


## features to work on / completed.
- [x] Prisma working with Railway db.
- [x] Login / signup handled by clerk Auth.
- [x] Auth page protection and user fetchable in client / API.
- [x] Next 13 Layout for non authed and authed users.

## Before you can run the project.

To get started with the project, 

1. you will need to clone the repository.

2. install any dependencies required ```npm i```. 

3. create the .env file and .env.local using the example .env.example and .env.local.example. 


## Contributing.
We welcome contributions to this project! If you would like to contribute, please fork the repository and submit a pull request. Before submitting a pull request, please ensure that the code follows the project's coding guidelines and that all tests pass.

### code coverage.

### what passes a test.

## Reporting Bugs.
If you find any bugs or issues with the project, please report them using the Issues feature in GitHub. When reporting a bug, please provide as much detail as possible, including steps to reproduce the issue and any relevant error messages.

Commit message:

added readme documentation for endpoints and fixed open.ai keys with .env

README.md, after:


# 2023 - Social media post generator with post preview | using chatGPT.
[![My Skills](https://skills.thijs.gg/icons?i=nextjs,ts,tailwind,postman)](https://skills.thijs.gg)



# Endpoints

## Endpoint: /api/posts/getExamples

### request
Method: POST
Headers:
Authorization: (none for now)
Body:
```javascript
{
  "generateIdea": "Summer Vacation",
  "style": "casual"
}
```
### Response
Status Code: 200 OK
Body:
```javascript
[
    {
        "message": {
            "role": "assistant",
            "content": "1. ❄️ Winter is here and we've got the coziest jumpers to keep you warm! 😍\n2. 🐑 Double tap if you need this sheepskin jumper in your life! 😍\n3. 🤩 Who says you can't be stylish AND warm this winter? Check out our sheepskin jumpers! \n4. 🔥 Our sheepskin jumpers will have you feeling cozy and looking 🔥! \n5. 🌧️ Keep the rain and cold at bay with our latest collection of sheepskin jumpers! ☔\n6. 🙌 We're excited to announce our new arrival of sheepskin jumpers! \n7. 🧥 Say goodbye to stiff and unforgiving winter jackets, and hello to the softest sheepskin jumpers! \n8. 💥 Can we just take a moment to appreciate how cute AND functional our sheepskin jumpers are?! 😍\n9. 🌡️ Don't let the winter chill bring you down! Shop our sheepskin jumpers to stay comfy all day long! \n10. 🐏 Our sheepskin jumpers are made from the finest materials, so you can tackle winter in style!"
        },
        "finish_reason": "stop",
        "index": 0
    },
```
